Allow non-full-width fields in `FieldSet` (#3097)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/sharp-dryers-happen.md

---

> "@comet/admin": minor
> ---
> 
> Fix: Remove `display: flex` from `children`-slot of `FieldSet` to allow non-full-width fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"@comet/admin": patch
---

Remove `display: flex` from `children`-slot of `FieldSet` to allow non-full-width fields
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
"@comet/admin": patch
---

Allow non-full-width fields in `FieldSet`
```

I'd even remove the implementation details from the changeset 😁 But I'm fine with @jamesricky's suggestion too!
